Return correct result for Wheel (#342)
reflex-frp/reflex-dom: reflex-dom-core/ChangeLog.md

 * Add `< 0.7` upper bound for reflex

* *breaking change* The wheel event now is of `WheelEventResult` rather than `()`.

>   This provides information about the wheels motion beyond the fact that it merely moved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *breaking change* The wheel event now is a `WheelEventResult` rather than `()`.
  This provides information about the wheel's motion beyond the fact that it merely moved.
```
